datasets/lego_brick_captions/README.md, before:

# LEGO Brick Captions

The **LEGO Brick Captions** dataset contains XXX images of LEGO bricks with captions. The dataset contains the following columns:
- `image`: The jpeg image of the brick in the format `{"bytes": bytes, "path": str}` so that can be interpreted as `PIL.Image` objects in the huggingface `datasets` library.
- `short_caption`: The short caption describing the minifigure in the image.
- `caption`: The caption describing the brick which is generated using Gemini-1.5-flash-002 with the following prompt:
    ```python3
    GEMINI_PROMPT = (
      "TODO"
    )
    ```
- `inventory_id`: The inventory id of the brick in the Rebrickable database.
- `part_num`: The part number of the brick as in the original csv file from Rebrickable.
- `part_material`: The material of the brick.
- `color_id`: The color id of the brick in the Rebrickable database.
- `color_name`: The name of the color of the brick.
- `color_rgb`: The RGB value of the color of the brick.
- `is_trans`: Whether the brick is transparent or not.
- `extra`: Since multiple bricks correspond to the same image, this column contains all the other bricks that use the same image. The data is in a list of dictionaries with the following keys:
    - `short_caption`: The short caption describing the minifigure in the image.
    - `inventory_id`: The inventory id of the brick in the Rebrickable database.
    - `part_num`: The part number of the brick as in the original csv file from Rebrickable.
    - `part_material`: The material of the brick.
    - `color_id`: The color id of the brick in the Rebrickable database.
    - `color_name`: The name of the color of the brick.
    - `color_rgb`: The RGB value of the color of the

The data has been collected from the [Rebrickable](https://rebrickable.com/downloads/) website and the images have been downloaded from the column `img_url` in original *inventory_parts.csv* file from the website. 

> [!NOTE]
> The total number of minifigures in `inventory_parts.csv` are 1304782, after aggregating the data by `img_url`, the number of unique images are 80913. The dataset has the first item for each image in a separate column and the rest of items in the `extra` column.

*The data was downloaded from the Rebrickable website on 27 November 2024.*


Again a massive shoutout and thanks goes to the [Rebrickable](https://rebrickable.com/) team for providing all the data and images for the LEGO minifigures, and more!

> [!TIP]
> This dataset is also available on the Hugging Face Datasets Hub TODO: Add link.

## Usage with pandas
Using this dataset with pandas requires the `pyarrow` library to be installed. Also the parquet files have to be downloaded.
```python
from pathlib import Path
import pandas as pd

PATH_TO_DATASET = Path("path_to_dataset")

# Load the dataset
df = pd.read_parquet(PATH_TO_DATASET / "train-00000-of-XXXXX.parquet")
print(df.head())
```

## Usage with huggingface/datasets
```python
from datasets import load_dataset

# Load the dataset in streaming mode
ds = load_dataset("armaggheddon97/XXX", split="train", streaming=True)

# Print the dataset info
print(next(iter(ds)))
```
> [!TIP]
> The `image` column using the `datasets` library is already in PIL format.

Commit message:

Update README.md with dataset details and improved caption prompt

datasets/lego_brick_captions/README.md, after:

# LEGO Brick Captions

The **LEGO Brick Captions** dataset contains 80868 images of LEGO bricks with captions. The dataset contains the following columns:
- `image`: The jpeg image of the brick in the format `{"bytes": bytes, "path": str}` so that can be interpreted as `PIL.Image` objects in the huggingface `datasets` library.
- `short_caption`: The short caption describing the minifigure in the image.
- `caption`: The caption describing the brick which is generated using Gemini-1.5-flash-002 with the following prompt:
    ```python3
    GEMINI_PROMPT = (
      "Analyze the provided image of a Lego piece. Provide a concise, "
      "objective description of the piece's shape, size, key features, "
      "connection points, and any distinctive surface markings or patterns. "
      "Include the color of the piece, using a specific color if possible "
      "(e.g., 'bright red', 'dark bluish gray', 'light yellow'). Be precise "
      "in describing studs, holes, connection types, and the nature of any "
      "printed designs or surface features. Use standard Lego terminology "
      "(stud, axle hole, etc.). If possible, use stud equivalents for "
      "length, width, and height (e.g., '1x2 brick'). The description "
      "must be within 50-60 words and should start directly with the "
      "description of the piece itself, avoiding phrases like 'The "
      "image shows...'. Aim for brevity while maintaining all key details."
    )
    ```
- `inventory_id`: The inventory id of the brick in the Rebrickable database.
- `part_num`: The part number of the brick as in the original csv file from Rebrickable.
- `part_material`: The material of the brick.
- `color_id`: The color id of the brick in the Rebrickable database.
- `color_name`: The name of the color of the brick.
- `color_rgb`: The RGB value of the color of the brick.
- `is_trans`: Whether the brick is transparent or not.
- `extra`: Since multiple bricks correspond to the same image, this column contains all the other bricks that use the same image. The data is in a list of dictionaries with the following keys:
    - `short_caption`: The short caption describing the minifigure in the image.
    - `inventory_id`: The inventory id of the brick in the Rebrickable database.
    - `part_num`: The part number of the brick as in the original csv file from Rebrickable.
    - `part_material`: The material of the brick.
    - `color_id`: The color id of the brick in the Rebrickable database.
    - `color_name`: The name of the color of the brick.
    - `color_rgb`: The RGB value of the color of the

The data has been collected from the [Rebrickable](https://rebrickable.com/downloads/) website and the images have been downloaded from the column `img_url` in original *inventory_parts.csv* file from the website. 

> [!NOTE]
> The total number of minifigures in `inventory_parts.csv` are 1304782, after aggregating the data by `img_url`, the number of unique images are 80913. Due to some images not being available the final dataset size has 80868 rows. The dataset has the first item for each image in a separate column and the rest of items in the `extra` column.

*The data was downloaded from the Rebrickable website on 27 November 2024.*


Again a massive shoutout and thanks goes to the [Rebrickable](https://rebrickable.com/) team for providing all the data and images for the LEGO minifigures, and more!

> [!TIP]
> This dataset is also available on the Hugging Face Datasets Hub TODO: [Lego Brick Captions](https://huggingface.co/datasets/armaggheddon97/lego_brick_captions).

## Usage with pandas
Using this dataset with pandas requires the `pyarrow` library to be installed. Also the parquet files have to be downloaded.
```python
from pathlib import Path
import pandas as pd

PATH_TO_DATASET = Path("path_to_dataset")

# Load the dataset
df = pd.read_parquet(PATH_TO_DATASET / "train-00000-of-XXXXX.parquet")
print(df.head())
```

## Usage with huggingface/datasets
```python
from datasets import load_dataset

# Load the dataset in streaming mode
streaming_ds = load_dataset("armaggheddon97/lego_brick_captions", split="train", streaming=True)
# Load the dataset normally
ds = load_dataset("armaggheddon97/lego_brick_captions", split="train")

# Print the dataset info
print(next(iter(ds)))
print(ds[0])
```
> [!TIP]
> The `image` column using the `datasets` library is already in PIL format.
